Migrated and updated docs from our wiki to the new docs site (#718)
guardicore/monkey: docs/content/development/adding-system-info-collectors.md

## How to add a new System Info Collector

### Monkey side

#### Framework

1. Create your new collector in the following directory: `monkey/infection_monkey/system_info/collectors` by first creating a new file with the name of your collector.
2. In that file, create a class that inherits from the `SystemInfoCollector` class:

```py
from infection_monkey.system_info.system_info_collector import SystemInfoCollector

class MyNewCollector(SystemInfoCollector):
```

3. Set the Collector name in the C'tor, like so:

```py
class MyNewCollector(SystemInfoCollector):
    def __init__(self):
        super(MyNewCollector, self).__init__(name="MyNewCollector")
```

#### Implementation

Override the `collect` method with your own implementation. See the `EnvironmentCollector.py` Collector for reference. You can log during collection as well.

#### Configuration

> Add the new collector to `infection_monkey/config.py`

Author: True :) This is an example of documentation growing stale. Deleted.

### Island side

#### Configuration

> ##### `definitions`

Reviewer: My first thought when I saw this was that you may have accidentally left this here; can we make it to look more clearly like a sub-heading?
(attaching screenshot for reference)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44770317/87573983-555d1800-c6eb-11ea-9d92-9a91e779930f.png)

Author: Fixed

> You'll need to add your Collector to the `config_schema.py` file, under `definitions/system_info_collectors_classes/anyOf`, like so:

Reviewer: Change `config_schema.py` to `monkey_island/cc/services/config_schema.py`?

Author: Fixed

Author: Thought: adding a shortcode with that will auto-create a GitHub link + preview based only on filename. We're referencing files quite often throughout the documentation. What do you think?

```json
"system_info_collectors_classes": {
    "title": "System Information Collectors",
    "type": "string",
    "anyOf": [
        {
            "type": "string",
            "enum": [
                "EnvironmentCollector"
            ],
            "title": "Which Environment this machine is on (on prem/cloud)",
            "attack_techniques": []
        },
        {                               <=================================
            "type": "string",           <=================================
            "enum": [                   <=================================
                "MyNewCollector"        <=================================
            ],                          <=================================
            "title": "My new title",    <=================================
            "attack_techniques": []     <=================================
        },
    ],
},

> ```

Author: Not critical. This is the sort of thing that might change often - as long as the general structure is understood, that's the level we'll maintain the docs at.

> ##### `properties`

Reviewer: Same as above; can we make it to look more clearly like a sub-heading?

Author: Fixed

Also, you can add the Collector to be used by default by adding it to the `default` key under `properties/monkey/system_info/system_info_collectors_classes`:

```json
"system_info_collectors_classes": {
    "title": "System info collectors",
    "type": "array",
    "uniqueItems": True,
    "items": {
        "$ref": "#/definitions/system_info_collectors_classes"
    },
    "default": [
        "EnvironmentCollector",
        "MyNewCollector"    <=================================
    ],
    "description": "Determines which system information collectors will collect information."
},
```

#### Telemetry processing

1. Add a process function under `monkey_island/cc/telemetry/processing/system_info_collectors/{DATA_NAME_HERE}.py`. The function should parse the collector's result. See `processing/system_info_collectors/environment.py` for example.

> 2. Add that function to the dispatcher - `monkey_island/cc/services/telemetry/processing/system_info_collectors/system_info_telemetry_dispatcher.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add that function to `SYSTEM_INFO_COLLECTOR_TO_TELEMETRY_PROCESSORS` under `monkey_island/cc/services/telemetry/processing/system_info_collectors/system_info_telemetry_dispatcher.py`.
```
